[build] [tools] Consolidation of directory handling code (#14059)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/08-cli-tools/14059-coq+path_boot.rst

- **Changed:**
  Coqdoc options ``--coqlib`` and ``--coqlib_path`` have been renamed

>   to ``--coqlib_url`` and ``--coqlib`` to make them more uniform w.r.t.
>   the standard meaning of the flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to ``--coqlib_url`` and ``--coqlib`` to make them more consistent with
  flags used in other Coq executables
```

(if accurate)

Author: Much better, thanks!
